Now, for phase, I think phase seven, implementation plan is still phase six. We've implemented from phase one to phase three. So, but I want you to reconfirm implementation, confirm there's no bug or error in implementation. But now for phase seven, what I want for phase seven is what you did on phase 3.3, yeah, where config parameters is per strategy. That config parameter per strategy was only done, like it was only defaulted to VWAP. It wasn't done for other strategies, it was just VWAP having that autonomy. So I want it to be all the strategies, like, how do I place it? So, now it's not really, really per strategy. So it's per symbol per strategy. Mind you, we can have two the same symbol with different strategy on the same configuration. So I can have, I can select two USDCHF for both portfolio backtesting and live trading. But one will be VWAP and the second will be APA. Do you understand? So I can select a single symbol more than once, so far it's a different strategy operating for that symbol. So it's not confined to one symbol per strategy. And for each of the selected symbols, they have their own defined configuration. So like max trade per day, maximum open position per symbol. I noticed that maximum open position per symbol is already there for backtesting, but it's not there for live trade. So now, all this configuration has to coincide with the global. So global, this thing will remain maximum daily drawdown, maximum weekly drawdown, maximum open position generally. So, but maximum open position per symbol should be configured on a per symbol, per strategy basis. So overall open position. So when now configuring maximum open position per symbol, if it's more than the global one, like based on the configuration history, then you will get an error, the same way it does for maximum hard cap, this thing, when hard cap is higher than, like hard cap risk is higher than global risk. But now, risk will not be per, that the risk will not now be per, will not now be global again. It will be per symbol, per strategy risk. So for every symbol and every strategy selected for that symbol, I can modify the risk for each of them. So what should this one risk when it's time to trade, what should the risk be? So there will be global parameters and there will be parameter per symbol. So the CP levels is still a global parameter, volume split, global parameter. So all those things are global parameters. But parameters like number of trades a day should be per symbol, per strategy. Parameters like maximum number of losses. So aside the total drawdown, maximum number of losses should be introduced. But that one will be per symbol, per parameter. And one thing I noticed about the backend caches, it's not efficient. So the cache, it persists more than it should, and sometimes it blocks trades. So that should also be looked into. So that's kind of what I mean, that's the kind of implementation I want. So you look at all other implementations that have been done and all. So you put this at phase seven. It will be part of the new implementation that should be done.