So here are the things I'm looking at doing here. I don't know, currently I tag each, every strategy I want to implement, I have to put into code and all. Like I can't come to the point of, like, making to create strategies, viewing them on a chart-based system, watching how the data looks like graphically, most likely that I call from MT5. And creating the strategy by identifying them, like, actually technically, and maybe understanding the maths alongside, although to a degree I do understand the maths. But having that graphical representation that shows what the chart should look like when certain strategic criterias have been met and all that. So, so I don't really have to hardcode strategy, like, writing the strategy, like I can keep on adding new strategies, obviously through maybe using an LLM model on it. So what I'm thinking of is having a strategy interface where I come with an MD file describing the strategy I want, maybe integrating a full-on LLM model. So what the LLM model helps me do is write like a script or code of my own. I don't know how that is going to be done. But basically formulating the requirements for the strategy. So as much as I want to use, like, the way I'm thinking of doing it is using an LLM, putting the LLM in there, and the LLM does all those requirements and findings and calculations for me on the data. So let's say put a hard gate of, I am an LLM that does this, this, professional trader, like a prompting system, telling the LLM what to find in a market data every number of stipulated minute or second. But LLMs are prone to hallucination, and since they have an independent mind of their own, it will not be the same every time. They are prone to make mistakes. So I am thinking of another method of implementing new strategy and testing them, different new strategies, without having to hardcode, testing and optimizing them, backtesting and all that. I already have access to real market data, so that's not an issue. But without having to hardcode those strategies. So that was one. And also do them in a way that they are extremely efficiently done, like no errors, no issues. The strategy do what it's meant to do, and it's implemented correctly. So that's one. So for one, what I want there is ways to come about it. My current implementation is I could a strategy. I have a strategy folder. I implement my strategies there, and call them every other place in the code base, in the risk management or portfolio management, or as position size, risk management, portfolio management, engine for live trading and backtester for backtesting. So that's that. So now the second thing is I want to create a universal application. So currently, per prop firm, I have to create a new VPS server. So I primarily end up having multiple VPS servers for multiple prop firms account. So which is not too much of a hiccup, although I would have liked if I could automate the process and make it run, like just automatically opening it, solving the issue of shared IP, automatically creating a static IP. And I can do that through Elastic Beanstalk. But if it's possible to do it on one AWS account, multiple VPS server, and not the cost to not be, and automatically creating it through Elastic Beanstalk with one click from one single front end. So I want one front end, one parent backend, and then the rest children backend. So that one front end will manage all the prop firm on one site, one UI, so that it will be easy to manage, rather than having multiple different front end, multiple different AlgoEdge front end, for multiple different prop firm, multiple different servers. Now, I want each strategy to have its own risk parameter. So how many trades to take a day, position sizeing per strategy, and although they have a universal risk parameter like how many concurrent trades can be open at a time, maximum daily drawdown on all positions and all that. I also need portfolio management, heavy on risk management and portfolio management. So I need to be able to write down or test the mathematical formulas or analysis, simulations, just test stuff that help me choose the best position size. I'm thinking of doing it in a way that the data is exposable to an LLM model to pick the best times and the best combo for trading that will give me the best results, minimal less drawdowns, more returns, and all that, beta sharp, beta sorting. So these are the ideas, although there are currently some bugs in the application, bugs like some pairs, some pairs, especially during backtesting, overshoot, they exaggerate returns. So for example... For example, I, I, um, for example, I have TP1, TP2, TP3, so I risk $100, per, I risk $100 per, let's say I have a $10,000 account and I risk 1% per trade. So that's $100. So, and for each, for each trade, risk is shared amongst three positions. That's TP1, TP2, TP3. So the risk is shared among three different positions. And the volume splitting is 20, so lot size allocation, 20% to TP1, 40% to TP2, 40% to TP3. Although it can go to as much as TP5, but currently it's capped at TP3, that's my selection, so it's selectively in the setting. So it's capped at TP3. And, although position sizing works well on live trading, but during backtesting, even the position sizing works well. I think it defaults to dollar risk. So it's not really using the position sizing of lot size calculation and all. So it's mostly defaulting to the dollar risk. So the risk is fine, but the expected profit is where the issue is. So on TP1, I expect a 1 ratio 1 return. So on a $20 risk, on a $100, I should get another $20. Fine and good. It gives me the TP1 returns of $20. On TP2, 1 ratio 3. So on a $40 risk on TP2, which is the volume risk of 40%, it should give me 40 times 3, that was $120. But on backtesting, it's even overshooting TP3. So TP3 is 1 ratio 5, which should give me around $200. So it's supposed to be 21, 22 hundred. And in some cases, you'll be seeing cases where TP1 will give me $20, TP2 will give me $528, and TP3 will give me the same $528, sometimes $280 or $250 something, which should not be possible because of the risk. The TP itself is, the total returns on the TP is $200 basically, overshooting it. So that's one issue. Second issue is, that's the issues the platform are currently facing aside the ones I initially mentioned. Second issue is trailing stop loss. It keeps throwing an error or thereabouts. So I'll paste you an image of the error I'm getting. So primarily, with all this here, the final product I want is a well-prompted MD file, stipulating all the changes I want to make, to get an implementation plan, implementation plan of them, and fixes for those issues. So it should be a very well-detailed plan or maybe implementation stroke audit plan and all that. So to be reading the code base thoroughly, to understand that, okay, before it tries to tackle these issues, it should go through the code base as detailedly and well as possible. So now, position sizing and moving SL, I don't believe it's for all assets, but for a good number of them, especially the ones that have been exempted, especially Forex assets. Forex assets are where most of the issues coming from. In backtesting, the same issue of moving SL keeps on throwing an error. I'll give you an example of the error. So that's another issue. Then the position sizing, I still believe there are a lot of issues, which should be found out and gotten. So there are still a lot of issues, a lot of bugs that were created by mostly Gemini, I believe. I think some by Sonet. So they closed Sonet 4.6 and all that. So I don't know. So primarily, I want to get these bugs, get me, I want an institutional standard platform that can run. So I need suggestion, I need. So another issue I've been unable to solve on live, why my code and backtesting works properly on backtest, I still feel there are still a lot of things missing. So I cannot attest for live trading, especially when it comes to prop firm. Sometimes there are spread and there are slippage can be outrageous and ridiculous. I'm not even talking about swap and commissions now. I'm just looking at spread and slippage. They can be outrageous at times and sets the user up to fail. I don't know how to attest for that in backtesting so I'm sure of my returns, know, okay, what am I expecting given the spread I get from these guys and the slippage, and how can I simulate that on a real environment to increase my possibility of... The idea behind creating the system is mostly to pass prop firm and get to the funded stage and keep on getting funded. So how can I increase my profitability? How can I increase my chances of passing challenge, not just passing challenge, keeping a funded account for a very long time? So these are some of the issues that I want, slippage, spread. So those two very big issues. Then we can also look at swaps and all that. Then I want to also be able to attest for news events, so as not to break prop firm rules, events, overnight holding. All those, this should be configurable. News, so the current news I have, I got information that it doesn't work, that it's news filtering. It doesn't work, and it's using the wrong endpoint for news live event filtering. So and I also want to be able to backtest with that as well. So primarily what I'm looking for is a big system that does like anything trading, market, forex. So this is another one here. I want to not just be able to trade the fundamental analysis but with technical analysis rather. So current strategies are strategies like VWAP, higher time frame VG flips, higher time frame VG flips, VWAP, advanced price action that has APA. I have bias key level, I have VG. So it's just basically inverse value gap that is based on bias key levels. Not doing bad overall. I have drift and jump continuation, I do that for crash, synthetic indices, crash and boom, but works better on crash, profitable on crash and all that. So these are some of the strategies I have, but I also want to add or backtest, maybe not add it, but add a feature where I can add in fundamental analysis. Like, configure fundamental analysis, click it and be like, okay, this is the fundamental analysis I know, and see how it can help my trade better. So when I talk of fundamental analysis, I heard a talk on those that are doing binary options as, sorry, options trading, as part of the big movers of the market when it comes to cover calls and all that. And then when it comes to trading CPI and news, is there a possibility of having an edge? Getting the news before the news is announced or getting a hint of the news before it's announced, knowing whether market will go up and down before the time. So what are my edges in these cases? So when you talk of positions where institutions or big market makers are protecting, they don't want the market to go above that, maybe because of expired options or expired cover calls or puts or stocks like that on binary options. So I need to also hear your distinct on that, your take on that. So I need you to look into this conversation and think of it elaborately. So back to the spread and slippage issue. That's an issue because it makes the market get, it makes the movement of the market on this prop firm get to our SL faster. Another thing I notice is trades entered on the same candle. While on backtesting it said it's a winning trade, it went as, it is better, it went in the direction. On backtesting, sorry, while on backtesting it says it's a winning trade, on live trading they're not usually a winning trade because there is kind of tick movement on this candlestick, especially when it's the same candlestick movement in things like indices, like real market indices. We're talking of NASDAQ, SPX 500, S&P 500 rather, SPX, S&P, same thing. So this movement can carry on one candlestick. SL is on the same candlestick, entry is on the same candlestick, TP is on the same candlestick. So it can tick to SL on the movement and then come down straight to, what's the word, straight to our TP. And then the backtest will mark it as a winning trade. So there are also other live trading factors we cannot factor into backtesting, and I would love if it is very possible. And this reduces our chances of win rate. Most of the trades will start going at loss rather than winning. So I would love if there are ways to attest for this in the backtesting where I can 100% trust my backtesting data to reproduce in the live market. If not 100, at least a very high percentage, 90%, or 40, no, 40 is too low, 90, 87, 70% minimally to reproduce in the live market. So, and I want to build the current system I have into that elaborate, big, complex system that can achieve this. And I just need to know the requirements. So I need you to dig deep, dig deeper, come up with things and solutions. I want to be able to look at strategy, backtest them, optimize them, run them through multiple environments, and see the returns. I need to be able to trust the calculations and the figures coming out of my system. Do you understand? When it comes to drawdown, if there are multiple types of drawdown, they should be configurable. So I should know the type of drawdown I'm getting from the system. Is it a trailing drawdown? Is it a static drawdown? Is it a talk-to-talk drawdown or there's a name for it where, consecutive drawdown, there's a name for it, I've forgotten the name. So these are some of the things I'm looking at and some of the issues I want to tackle. So, and then also making the system faster and more compliant. So when it comes to managing multiple VPS server here, if it's on one VPS server managing multiple backends and IP, there can be a place in the configuration where I just put in all the servers I have, their IP addresses, so that it can make requests from them, maybe not IP address, their URL. It can make requests from them, monitor them, get live websocket events from them, get live Redis requests and ping and push and subscribe to the events and all that. So these are some of the things. I just want you to look into them thoroughly or look into researching them thoroughly. Also tell whoever bots that will be looking at them to also research your own findings and come up with better information. Then look through the code base thoroughly, line to line, review every strategy, each and every strategy, and what came about of those strategies, like disparities between the strategies themselves and what was actually implemented in the code base. Also there are some signals that come up on the live trading that are not accounted for on backtesting. Like you backtest, you will not see those signals, but in live trading those signals happen. So I don't know how to look into that. So it's something that you should also look into. So that's basically, look into it and give me your feedback.

